# QuickCheck

During the brainstorm process, we thought about what parts in our lives were inconvenient. From our various lives, one shared experience was the annoying process of hospitals and the inconvenience of paperwork within healthcare. Through research, we realised a lot of time is actually wasted for both the patients and hospital from filling out and sorting paperwork, thus inspiring our group to create QuickCheck.

QuickCheck is a website that prompts the user to fill out a form including their basic personal information that a patient would usually have to fill out manually during check-in at a hospital. The website then configures that data into a csv file for the hospital to access and use. The csv file is shared through a qr code that is generated by QuickCheck that the user can save. So every time the user needs to check-in at a hospital, instead of filling out forms from scratch, they can show the qr code for the hospital to scan.

We used python and Flask to build the backend for the website. We used HTML, CSS, and Javascript to design the frontend. We also used Auth0 to build the login/logout configuration for the website to insure security and authorization.

First, we had very minimal experience with Flask so it was interesting to figure out how to use GET and POST to gather user input and utilize that to build a database. Also, we experimented with Auth0, another tool we never used before so it was a bit of struggle to figure that out.

We are proud of learning different libraries, frameworks, and packages that we previously haven't worked with. For example, figuring out how to send a csv file using a generated qrcode or implementing the Auth0 IdP was something we never knew before but we managed to figure out during this project.

As our first Hackathon, we learned how vital communication is during the entire process and how complex the development/planning stage of a project can be.

We want to figure out how to configure the website so that the user can save the QR code ticket directly onto their images or Apple Wallet which would make it even more convenient to access the QR code. We also want to work on the robustness of the program, considering things like privacy/security, edge cases/exceptions, and more.

[View our Devpost submission here](https://devpost.com/software/quickcheck-yirwvl)
